feat: documentation rework (#533)
eic/EICrecon: docs/howto/use_singularity.md

Eic image require singularity \> 3.0

> The [oficial installation instructions](https://docs.sylabs.io/guides/latest/user-guide/quick_start.html#quick-installation-steps) have many steps.

Reviewer: To clarify. I agree it is better to remove previous instructions to direct image download which updates over time. But the link above stays correct for at least 4 years already. So leave it like "If you have an ubuntu here you can find prebuilt deb packages"

> The [oficial installation instructions](https://docs.sylabs.io/guides/latest/user-guide/quick_start.html#quick-installation-steps) have many steps.

Author: We cannot point to a debian pool link and tell everyone to install from there, even if they use ubuntu "whatever compatible". Even if the link is stable, that's not the problem. The problem is that you are telling someone to install a package that was not built for their system.

```suggestion
If you use Debian sid, you may be able to install `singularity-container`. If you use Ubuntu or Red Hat, the `deb` and `rpm` packages at https://github.com/sylabs/singularity/releases/ may be useful.

The [official installation instructions](https://docs.sylabs.io/guides/latest/user-guide/quick_start.html#quick-installation-steps) may be useful for other operating systems.
```

prepares the current dir to work with detector or etc.

```bash

> curl -L https://get.epic-eic.org | bash

Author: It works now. It was fixed based on the issue I reported.
